---
@Article{LUO2019,
  author     = {LUO, Dan and Fang, Yulin and Song, Peijian and Wang, Chong (Alex)},
  journal    = {ICIS 2019 Proceedings},
  title      = {The {{Impact}} of {{Digital Platform Rapid Release Strategy}} on {{App Update Behavior}}: {{An Empirical Study}} of {{Firefox}}},
  year       = {2019},
  month      = nov,
  shorttitle = {The {{Impact}} of {{Digital Platform Rapid Release Strategy}} on {{App Update Behavior}}},
  timestamp  = {2020-10-29T19:55:33Z},
}
---

# RQ1. What characterizes a rapid release cycle?

  - The authors use Firefox rapid release cycle, which comprises a release every six weeks.

# RQ2. What are the implications of adopting a rapid release cycle?

  - The adoption of the rapid release cycle has a significantly negative effect on the applications size change.

  - The adoption of the rapid release cycle does not effect the application responsiveness.

# RQ3. What metrics do the studies use to compare rapid and traditional releases?

  - Application responsiveness (the number of weeks between the release of the platform and the application releaseç and
  - Application change size (the rate of file size change between two successive application releases).

# RQ4. How do the studies mine release information?

The authors mined information about third-party apps from the official website for Firefox apps (https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox) as well as platform releases (e.g., release date and notes) from the official website for Firefox
(https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/releases/).

# RQ5. How do the studies evaluate their findings?

The authors conducted correlation tests to compare the metrics in traditional and rapid release cycles.

# RQ6. What corpus do the studies use to compare rapid and traditional releases?

  - 1,042 Firefox applications and extensions, observed in 105 weeks from June 2009 to August 2013, since Firefox 5.
